Openthesaurus (#1203)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/integrations/builtin/app-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.openthesaurus.md

# OpenThesaurus

> The OpenThesaurus node allows you to automate work in OpenThesaurus, and integrate OpenThesaurus with other applications. n8n has built-in support for a wide range of OpenThesaurus features, including getting synonyms. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpenThesaurus node allows you to automate work in OpenThesaurus, and integrate OpenThesaurus with other applications. n8n supports synonym look-up for German words. 
```
